# list-structure-using-node-structure-and-pointers
Implement the given methods of list structure using node structure and pointers a) Create node structure that can store integers b) Create list class, declare data members as discussed and write constructor • Write main method and create a list object c) Write display method that display the list each element on new line. Take care of head (it should not move or any other thing should not change) • Call this method in main to test d) Write insert method that accept an integer and place it at the start of list. Properly adjust the pointer. • Call this method in main to insert 21, 54, 67, 88, 44, 33, 48, 44, 109, 133 in the list, and display to confirm e) Write insert method that accept object of node and copy its data to insert at the start of list. Properly adjust the pointer. • In main create a node with 189 and call this method to insert and display to confirm f) Write removeFirst method that remove first element from the list and return true if element is removed. Implement the cases as discussed in theory. Properly take care of pointers. • Call this method in main to remove first element and display to confirm g) Write search method that accepts a number and return its position in the list • Call this method to find 67 h) Write replaceAll method that accepts two numbers, search first number from the list and replace with second and return how many numbers are replaced • Call this method to replace 44 with 99 and display to confirm i) Write get method that accepts an index and return element found at that index • Call this method to find, 44 and 109 j) Write size method that return number of elements in the list • Call this method to determine list size
